Updated operators faqs (#53)
dusk-network/docs: src/content/docs/operator/FAQ.md

One epoch consists of **2160** blocks.

#### Can I run a node without staking?
Yes, you can run a node to just propagate transactions. But your node won't be able to participate in consensus and accrue staking rewards.

## Staking

#### What is the minimum amount of DUSK I must stake?

**1000** (1 thousand) Dusk.

#### How long until rewards starts accruing, and how are they determined?

> Stake becomes active after the maturity period, which is 4320 blocks and corresponds to approximately 12 hours. More information regarding staking rewards can be found [here](/learn/guides/staking-basics#how-are-rewards-determined).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Staking becomes active after the 4320 block maturity period, which corresponds to approximately 12 hours. More information regarding staking rewards can be found [here](/learn/guides/staking-basics#how-are-rewards-determined).
```

   - This is naturally the case for shielded accounts as they use different keys by default.
   - For public accounts, you need to create a separate account holding your public account balance.

In summary, consensus keys can be strictly limited to signing consensus messages such as block proposal, validation, and voting. All other critical operations, such as unstaking or sending funds, can be separated into other keys.

#### Can I store my keys separately from the machine running the node?

The node only needs the [consensus key](/operator/guides/node-wallet-setup/#export-consensus-key). Use that wallet instance to export the key and copy it over to the node.

You can do that by using `scp`, for example with:
```bash
scp consensus.keys duskadmin@yournodeipaddress :/opt/dusk/conf/
```
As there's also a password on the file when you export, you need to set it on the server side as well (the sh /opt/dusk/bin/setup_consensus_pwd.sh step)

#### What if I lose access to my server or keys?

As long as you have your mnemonic phrase stored safely, you can recover everything else.

#### What should I do if I lose my SSH-key file?

> Spin up a fresh instance, [install Rusk](/operator/installation) using the same wallet mnemonic, and let it fully sync. Once it's synced, stake from that node. and delete the old instance.

Reviewer: Why stake from that node? The specific account from the corresponding mnemonic has already staked on the previous node. Afaik, you just need to follow the staking steps, such as exporting the consensus key, but not the actual staking.
